Add note about HTTP status codes (#139)
lessonly/lessonly.github.io: _styleguide/json.md

  ]
}
```

> ## Use the most appropriate HTTP status code in your response

Reviewer: Yes! 🙌

> Utilize successful `200 OK` codes **only** to indiciate success. 

Reviewer: 🤔 I think we would add another layer here to cover the 204 no content issue we run into.  Also noticed a typo 

```suggestion
Utilize successful `200 OK` codes **only** to indicate success with a proper body that matches `Content-Type` header. 
```

> 

Reviewer: We could add another line discussing a little bit about suggestion above. If there is no proper body that matches the content-type (for example `application/json`) return `204 No Content` or if the response can't return body because it is asynchronously processing we could return a `202 Accepted`
